1. Within the list, the starting memory address of the block will be stored
   at each node. Insertions and removals should maintain the chronological
   order of memory addresses. Doubly-linked lists are suitable for
   custom memory allocators because they have the ability to traverse, which
   would be needed by the various allocation policies discussed below.

2. Lists/arrays could work as well.

3. External fragmentation is when even though there is enough free memory to
   process a request, there is not enough contiguous memory to run the process.
   The available memory is essentially split up by many pockets of allocated
   memory, leaving small pockets of contiguous available memory. This could
   occur if there is a contiguous segment of available memory between every
   two allocated segments of memory; for all we know, a waiting process could
   be run if these contiguous segments of available memory were all in one
   contiguous segment, available for use by processes.

4. Internal fragmentation is when there is a block of unused memory within
   a segment of allocated memory. This would occur if the system allocated
   fixed segments of 4,096 bytes of memory, but the process only used 1,024
   bytes.

5. The first-fit allocation policy allocates the first contiguous segment of
   memory that it can find that meets the memory requirements of the process.
   The advantage to this approach is stopping search (efficient search) once
   a free hole that is large enough is found. A disadvantage is that it can
   lead to external fragmentation, where free memory space is broken into
   small, contiguous memory segments. 

6. The best-fit allocation policy allocates the smallest contiguous segment
   of memory that meets the requirements of the process. An advantage is
   that it minimizes the size of the leftover segment of free memory. A
   disadvantage is that the entire list of memory must be searched to
   determine the smallest continguous segment of memory that meets the
   process's memory requirements.

7. The worst-fit allocation policy allocates the largest continguous segment
   of memory. An advantage is that the size of the leftover unallocated
   segment is maximized, addressing external fragmentation. A disadvantage
   is that the entire list of memory must be searched to determine the largest
   continguous segment of memory that meets the process's memory
   requirements.
