Problem 1
1. A socket is a node on a network that communicates to and from the network 
   to which it is connected to and returns a descriptor. 

Commonalities:
- socket(2) and pipe(2) are intercommunication protocols
- socket(2), pipe(2), and open(2) return a file descriptor int upon
  successful creation of the respective communication medium.

Differences:
- pipe(2) and open(2) are used for communication within a machine.
  socket(2), on the other hand, is used for communication amongst more
  than one machines using IP addresses and the like.
- socket(2) and pipe(2) are used for communication amongst processes, whereas
  open(2) is used for reading/writing from files in memory. 

Problem 2
1. Programs address one another using the sockaddr struct containing the address family
   and the 14 bytes of the protocol address.
2. bind(2) helps "bind a name to a socket" by setting the socket address represented
   by the file descriptor sockfd to the sock address held by the struct sockaddr*
   named addr passed into the method. The server uses this to listen to incoming
   requests from a specific port from a client.
3. connect(2) establishes a connection between the file descriptor for the socket named
   sockfd and the address specified by the struct sockaddr* named addr. This allows
   clients using a socket to make a connection to a server.
4. listen(2) listens to connections that are trying to be established to a socket.
5. accept(2) dequeues a connection from a queue of incoming connections that are coming
   into the listening socket. Then, it creates a new socket and returns a descriptor to
   that socket. It essentially "[accepts] a connection on a socket."
6. send(2) can be used for sending messages to sockets, and recv(2) can be used for
   receiving messages from sockets. send(2) requires passing in a sock file descriptor,
   a buffer to read from, the length of the message to be sent, and any additional flags.
   recv(2) requires passing in a sock file descriptor, a buffer to receive a message to,
   the length of the message to be received, and any additional flags.
