(2.1) I see characters from an inline comment on the right side of the 
      hexdump output. On the left, I see the hex values for
      each character, where every character is represented by
      two consecutive hex digits. For example, "20" represents
      a space in ASCII. After the parenthesis after digits, 
      I see a new line, NULL (meaning that there is nothing in that
      new line), etc.

(2.2) I see characters from a header comment on the right side of the
      hexdump output. On the left, I see the hex values for
      each character, where every character is represented by two
      consecutive hex digits. For example, "2f" represents / in
      ASCII. 

(2.3) (2.1) involves reading a c file, which is meant to be read and written
      by human programmers. (2.2) involves reading the hexdump executable
      file, which contains machine instructions rather than human readable
      text (it is, rather, machine readable). The output for (2.2) does
      contain a human-readable text, which is the path on the Unix machine
      where a particular library resides.

(2.4) It interprets and outputs information regarding the type of file
      that a file is. /usr/bin/file is an LSB (little-endian)
      executable file. ~cs315/Labs/Lab10/work is a PDF document.
      ~cs315/Labs/Lab10/beauty is a JPEG image. hexdump.o is an
      LSB relocatable, which is little-endian and is an object
      file desgiend to run on Intel 80x86 microprocessors. hexdump.h
      is a C language-related file that is written with ASCII characters.

      It runs filesystem tests, magic tests, and language tests; the result of
      the first test to return successfully (in that order) is returned by
      file. The filesystem test examines whether the file matches any file types
      native to the system. The magic test examines a number stored at the
      beginning of the file being examined, which serves as an identifier
      for a particular file type. Finally, the language test
      interprets whether the file matches any known character sets; if it does,
      the file is characterized as a text file.

      Source: https://linux.die.net/man/1/file
